How to connect your workstation PC (assuming no wifi) simultaneouly to both robot and network router.

0. Connect ethernet cable from PC to Robot Arm base. Go to browser DESK app (robot.franka.de) and login.
	There, go to settings -> Network -> Untick "DHCP" setting and write IP address manually
	I chose the one from tutorial on FRANKA docs:  Address: 172.16.0.2 and Netmask: 255.255.255.0  (leave "Gateway" and "DNS" empty).
	

1. By following FRANKA documentation guide, in order to use franka offline with Franka Control Interface, 
	the user must connect LAN (ethernet) port of workstation to CONTROL box (not robot arm base).
	So replugging cable from Robot Arm Base to Control box. This action leaves us witihout internet connection (for now)
	
2. In Ubuntu, go to network connections -> Wired Settings -> click "cogwheel" icon next to "Wired-Connected - 100x Mb/S" text.
	Navigate to "IPv4" tab, choose "Manual" instead of "Automatic(DHCP) method.
	Write "Address" below as 172.16.0.1 and Netmask as 255.255.255.0 (leave rest untouched/empty).
	
Now Robot Control box and your PC are on the same network and can connect to each other.

3. Test connection -> Open terminal and run this line (assuming you have installed "libfranka ROS package"):
rosrun libfranka echo_robot_state 172.16.02

If connection is established, it will print a loooot of numbers with robot states.
If no connection -> prints 1 line with "error, no connection".

4. NOW the problem is: our workstation has no internet connection (to my best knowledge, maybe there is something cheeky I havent done). How to fix?
	Find some adapter (I used male USB to female ethernet converter) and connect your PC to the router. 
	This step enabled internet for the PC.
	
	
	
EXTRA: 
roslaunch franka_visualisation franka_visualisation.launch robot_ip:=172.16.02 gripper:=true

(robot_ip is the IP you set for FRANKA in browser Desk app in STEP 0 of this guide)
(gripper can be set to true/false)
(dont forget to unlock the robot and move it! RVIZ will show the motions live)